[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: What's next is,
if we go to the repo and
you do a git checkout, let me do a stash,
checkout step-2, and
if you do this and you run npm start.
You'll see that there's a lot of
stuff that's printed out on TODO.
It says, TODO, do this, TODO, do this, and
it tells you what file that TODO is in, so
it's telling you exactly
what you need to do.
So let's just walk through
what we need to do here.
What we're gonna do is, we're gonna
learn how to import dependencies.
We talked about how to do that
with npm and Node modules, so
we need to import Angular and stuff,
we need to register those modules.
And there's also some other
stuff that we need to import.
All the files have the comments in
them that tell you exactly what needs
to be done.
So you can check it out.
So let's just go look at
some of that stuff now.
Yes, reload.
So you might have noticed
that in the app folder,
there's a lot more files in there now.
There's a app.styl file.
There's a components
folder with a home folder.
What's going on in here?
So if we go look in app.js,
we see some Angular boilerplate.
It's got a TODO in here, it's like,
you need to do this stuff.
So, import angular, and
other dependencies like app.styl,
normalize.css components/home, ui-router.
And then we need to register
that stuff on here.
This one's gonna be pretty tricky.
I'm curious to see what people do here.
And then home.js, this is also saying,
we need to import required modules.
>> Speaker 2: What is
the branch that you went to?
>> Scott Moss: step-2.
>> Scott Moss: And
we also need to export the stuff.
And then don't forget index.html.
It's still Angular, and
we still need our Angular stuff.
So don't forget about ng-app and
all that other stuff.
So remember that,
we still need that stuff too.
>> Scott Moss: So again, if you look,
if you run npm start on step-2,
the branch step-2, you'll see a list
of todos that you need to do, and
what file, on what line they are.
>> Scott Moss: Yes, you can just look
at step-2-fix and see the solution, but
that would be cheating, and you just won't
be doing yourself service if you did that,
so don't do it.
So I highly recommend just struggling for
a little bit and asking me so
I can help you out.
Because I promise you,
that's how you gonna learn.
So what that's gonna look like,
if you completed it, would be this.
>> Scott Moss: It would be,
you should see this if you completed it.
You'll see, Welcome to the blog, and
then a list of items on the page.
>> Speaker 2: I'm totally sorry,
but I had to fix something.
Where did you say to find our
list of todo's, basically?
>> Scott Moss: Right, so
are you on the branch step-2?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: And
then from the command line,
if you run npm start,
it'll print them out right
there in the terminal for you.
>> Speaker 2: Thank you.
>> Scott Moss: No problem.
So yeah,
this is what you'll see if you're done.
You'll just see a page that says,
Welcome to the blog!, and a list of items.
>> Speaker 3: How long
would be the exercise?
>> Scott Moss: Exercise is 30 minutes,
I'm sorry, I keep forgetting that, yes.
>> Speaker 4: You're exporting
the style sheets as a module?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so remember,
webpack treats everything as a module.
So here's a clue.
Here's a clue.
So this question was,
we're exporting style sheets as a module.
If you go look at webpack.config.js,
there is a loader for
Stylus files and CSS files.
All right, so what's happening here is,
it says, hey, if you check,
if anything comes in as a style file,
this is what I want you to do.
First, I want you to run it through the
Stylus loader, which compiles it to CSS.
And then I want you to run
it through the CSS loader,
which resolves any URLs there might
be in there like font URLs or
whatever URLs you might have in there,
image URLs.
And then I want you to run
it through the style loader,
which sticks it on the head of the page.
That's what that does.
So just by importing a styles file,
it will do all that stuff, and
you don't have to write a link tag.
It's pretty trippy.
But yes.
But importing it is gonna be really,
really hard, cuz I didn't tell you how.
I did that on purpose.
[LAUGH].
Cuz if this thing is gonna
be placed in the head,
then why do you need a variable to import
it, what are you doing with a variable?
And what do you call it?
It's not a module.
But like, woah, yeah, it's really trippy.
But if you look at the documentation,
you'll find out in two seconds, so.
Yeah, so it's a little new concept, and
you start bringing in CSS files into your
JavaScript and start bringing in
HTML files in your JavaScript.
You're like, wait,
this is a little backwards.
>> Speaker 5: [INAUDIBLE]
JavaScript modules,
but [INAUDIBLE] I didn't even
know you could [INAUDIBLE].
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
anything, like, even images.
We'll start importing images too.
And you'll see, wait,
how does that even work?
You'll see.
I didn't realize until I started using it,
I was like, wow, this is amazing,
this is amazing.